You go, don't cry.
Don't forget why we're here on TV
Lei Feng
Do you remember
Our junior year
You took me to the hospital tree and asked for two concentric knots
I lost him last time.
But I can't find it.
I got him back, Lin Feng
University first you
Bought me a necklace with your first month's salary
So many years
I still have him.
Never took it off
Lin Feng
I know you can't see right now.
But you can definitely hear what I say
Come back I beg you to come back
Not just for me
Me and our children
You should also think about Yaoyao
Do you know
During the 10 days you have been gone
He is the same type every day
Come back soon
You are back.
Miss Xu, Miss Xia is guilty
Why don't you tell me?
I have known Lin Fang for more than two months
Not as deep as his relationship with Miss Ye Qiu
So today I won't talk about love experiences
In fact, today we found the TV station
It's to ask everyone in front of the screen to help us find Lin Feng
I beg you.
Help us find Lin Feng
Please.
I beg you.
Please!
Are you looking for someone?
10 days ago
Lin Fang took his cornea
Donated to a child at an orphanage
And then he left.
father-in-law
I know you don't want to drag us down.
We have no other requirements.
Me and still
I just want to accompany you through the last journey
We really miss you.
Please contact us.
I'm begging you in front of the screen to help us find him. He's here.
What nonsense are you talking about there?